Update README.md (#10)
zsedem/haskell-cpython: README.md

writing FFI codes directly (like calling incref/decref for GC). The C API 
documentation can be useful too. [link](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/index.html)

After you are familiar with the concepts from the C API, you can search for
methods in the [API docs](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/cpython-3.5.0) on hackage

These examples below should help you start with using the API, by showing the 
equivalent haskell code to implement the same as the python example.

### Using `builtins.sum` function
```haskell
sumWithPy :: [Integer] -> IO Int
sumWithPy intlist = do
    testList <- traverse toObj intlist >>= PyList.toList >>= (return . Py.toObject)
    builtinsModule <- Py.importModule "builtins"
    sumFunc <- PyUnicode.toUnicode "sum" >>= Py.getAttribute builtinsModule
    args <- PyTuple.toTuple [testList]
    kwargs <- PyDict.new
    Py.call sumFunc args kwargs >>= castToNumber >>= Py.toInteger >>= PyInt.fromInteger
  where
    castToNumber obj = do x <- Py.castToNumber obj
                          return $ fromMaybe (error "not a number returned from the sum") x
    toObj integer = fmap Py.toObject $ PyInt.toInteger integer
```

> This example should show you how different is to call python from strongly typed code, because you have to
> handle every bit of the errors, like geting an attribute of a module or just creating new python objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example should show you how different it is to call python from strongly typed code, because you have to
handle every bit of the errors, like getting an attribute of a module or just creating new python objects.
```
